I would give myself a C because I felt like other people could've done a lot better than what I did. I thought I performed my best given that data structures were something new for me to learn and that I definetly tried my hardest to do something differently after recieving my first red level assignment grade. I think I did not repeat any mistakes twice and I asked for help via email or after class whenever I was confused. I also asked my peers to have a different explanation and/or perspective on the requirements. I think I grew as a coder and a student but I also think I could improve on writing more code. Sometimes I think less is more but other times I feel my code is too short even after I think the requirements have been met. I think it's a scary thing when your code does not compile and it can be frustrating and discouraging but it does motivate you to be a better learner which I think I can say I've done. I've been using more comments and only coding what I am confident in presenting to others. I think that a lot of times my code was similar to the instructors but different in so many ways like length, or methods, or even the assigned variables. I did not miss more than 5 days of class this summer term and my camera was on the majority of the time. I volunteered about three times on my own to share my thoughts other than questions and I answered when I was called upon. I only missed one assignment and when I was not sure I met or asked the professor for clarity. At the begining of class I depended on for loops to make my code shorter so that has been a big challenge for me in the course. Most times I switched to while loops or if/else statements but for me I think that messes me up a lot more. I loved learning about linked lists the most in this class. I love using arrays as well. This class has taught me a different approach to coding in general. Thank you! If there was another thing I could've done differently was start on the homework a lot earlier but given multiple courses I was in I did what I could.